Recently I am going to create USA account on Upwork to grow my outsourcing development, but I can't do it myself because I am not US Citizen.

Why do I need some USA accounts on Upwork?
My answer is very simple. If I have an USA account, I can get hired with higher rates by some clients.
I hope that you don’t mind creating some accounts under your personal info like name, address, and others. 
If you help me to create account,


Is it legal for you?
It is never illegal according to your country's law. As Upwork is some private company, It's just one company's rule,
not the law of a country.
Next thing, I’ll need to create an account via remote connection on your local and I’ll use a TeamViewer app or Andesk for remote access.

Why do I need access to your local?
I can create an account using some VPN or VPS to avoid IP/Location issues but their proxy will be detected by Upwork. 
After all, it will be banned by Upwork.
Even if I get access to your local, I’ll never need any data from the local and steal your data in any case.
I should use an account on your local using teamviewer or anydesk because Upwork detects IP addresses.
So if you have a secondary PC, it would be great.
As this is a long-term contract, if you accept my offer, I can pay 10 percentage per month.
If it sounds interesting to you, please contact me.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Best,



I can create an account using some VPN or VPS to avoid IP/Location issues but their proxy will be detected by Upwork. 
After all, it will be banned by Upwork.
Even if I get access to your local, I’ll never need any data from the local and steal your data in any case.
I should use an account on your local using teamviewer or anydesk because Upwork detects IP addresses.
So if you have a secondary PC, it would be great. 

If you don't mind how about buying new PC for our work?
I will pay additional profit 100$ for new PC when I pay the first month income.


"This keycode is for account verification at Freelancer.com"
Need to write this text in the paper.
Like below.