Number of Latin American developers by country on Upwork.





If you can help me, I will share 10% of the income from upwork.

I'm going to explain about the business in short.          


hi! nice to meet you

I am a web & mobile developer with over 6 years of experience from Singapore.
I have worked with my account on the Upwork platform and got over 3000$ a month.
as you know, Upw0rk prefer american or european dev than asian dev
So I would like to use your Upw0rk.com account.

I will share 10% of my income using your account.

Northwestern University
Bachelors
Computer Science

Hello,


I am a web & mobile developer with over 6 years of experience from Singapore.
I have worked with my account on the Upwork platform and got over 4000$ a month but my account was suspended several months ago due to irregular activities.
My one client wanted to work with me off the platform, so I agreed. That’s why my account was disabled.

Now I need  your help


If you can help me, I can get over 4000$ every month and I will share 20% of my income with you.

So I would like to use your Upwork.com account.

In fact, I can create another Asian upwork account. 
But as you know, America and European clients prefer to work with America or European  developers, because they have professional skills and provide high quality work. 
So, working with your Upwork account makes it easier for me to get jobs on Upwork and makes a lot more money than using an Asian account. 
That’s why I would like to use your Upwork account.

If you don't work on Upwork right now, I believe you can help me. 

If you can help me, I can earn over 6000$ every month and  I will share 10% of the total income or fixed profit 100$ from Upwork.
If you can help my call with the clients ,  I will pay you additional profit.

Signing into your account from my PC will block your account. 
This is because Upwork always tracks the computer's Ip address. 
So, I need to access your account through Anydesk or Teamviewer.

I'm serious without trying to cheat you at all.
I think the most important thing in our collaboration is to trust each other. Without this, we cannot work together.

If you agree with my suggestion, feel free to contact me. Welcome at any time.
If my suggestion bothers you, accept my apology.
Thank you for reviewing my suggestion.

We have many developers and they can earn over 5000$ on Upwork...
Now we need the US upwork account.
In fact, We can create another Asian upwork account. 
But as you know, European and American clients prefer to work with European or American developers, because they have professional skills and provide high quality work. 
So, working with your Upwork account makes it easier for me to get jobs on Upwork and makes a lot more money than using an Asian account. 
That’s why I would like to use your Upwork account.
If you can help me, we can over 10000$ from Upwork every month.



Hi, 
I’m confident I can resolve the SMTP issue in your desktop application promptly. 
With experience in C++ and email system configurations, I’ll have the email alerts back up and running in no time.
I think that there are some reasons for that error.
The reason can be Authentication Issues or Security Settings, Firewall/Network Restrictions.
I am sure I can solve that problem in 1~2 hours perfectly.
Let me know when we can start!


Hello, 
I understand the importance of a reliable backend for your platform. 
I am a full stack developer and I've 5 years of experience with Backend Development
As  a Backend Developer, I am very familiar with Node JS Frameworks (Express.js and Nest. js), PHP framework(Laravel, Yii, Drupal), and Python(Django).
I've developed lots of projects and I've shown my excellent skills for each backend development
So I performed Database management & design,  User Authentication, Google Analyze, Third Party API integration, and made logic and MVC & MVP architecture.
Also with experience in TypeScript and feature-rich platforms, I’ll ensure that all aspects, from admin approvals to tutor search, are robust and user-friendly.
I look forward to collaborating!"




As you know most of US clients don't like Asian developers so I have closed my account a few months ago.
But recently I have noticed some of my developer friends are collaborating EU developers using their Upwork, they were sending proposals using EU account and getting high hourly jobs and sharing incomes with their collaborators.
So I have decided to find reliable collaborator who can assist me, so I have contacted to you for the collaboration.


Actually American account is better than EU.


There are two options regarding the payment, I can pay 100$ per month flatly or 10% my income.


And to use your account, we need to setup remote connection and then I can send proposals in the remote laptop.
It is because I can't login to your account in my location, because it detects IP address.


So we must login to Upwork from real location and real PC.


Does it make sense so far?


For this, it'd better if you have extra laptop that you are not using now.

If you don't have laptop, we can think about using VM in your laptop.
Then we both can use it separetely


as a mentioned before,I am a web & mobile developer with over 8 years of experience from Singapore.
I have worked with my account on the Upwork platform and got over 5000$ a month but my account was suspended several months ago due to irregular activities.
My one client wanted to work with me off the platform, so I agreed. That’s why my account was disabled.

If you can help me, I can get over 8000$ every month and I will share 10% of my income with you.

Okay, I will explain.
As you know most of US clients don't like Asian developers so I have closed my account a few months ago.
But recently I have noticed some of my developer friends are collaborating EU developers using their Upwork, they were sending proposals using EU account and getting high hourly jobs and sharing incomes with their collaborators.
So I have decided to find reliable collaborator who can assist me, so I have contacted to you for the collaboration.

Can you please send me your Upwork profile link so that I can check it in my end?

I have just checked it, I think I can update you profile as a full-stack developer.

Also to use your upwork account, we need to setup a remote connection


I want to rend Upwork account from you.
Upwork is  the most popular freelancing website and I have earned more than $5K/monthly from that platform and was the most of my income.
But unfortunately, my account has been suspended, and want to get help from you.
The platform costs too much money and time to bid but am willing to pay for that and want to borrow your account if possible.
I will also pay for the fixed or some percentage from the account for rental fee
Don't you have any idea?